windows xp operating system
setting and pissing can be done with
using the snap local parameters
security in the control panel menu
administration local policy
security
either using the command run start
security policy masses c
ok the local parameters window opens
security where in the parameter list
security right click
must select security policies
api to local computer
create api security policy same
the action itself can be done with
using the action menu to create a policy
security and pi
then the wizard window opens
ip security policies to work with
who need to click next
the wizard prompts you to enter a name for the new
security policies push the button
further also suggests using
default rules of action of this
rules can be canceled if necessary
after completing the wizard
so we press the next button also
the master suggests choosing a method
authentication rule
deluxe supports the following ways
check rule can protocol
kerberos
using a user certificate and with
using a preliminary key if
Your network does not have a domain controller
users do not have valid
certificates should be used
authentication method using
password
wife button next after this creation
policies can be considered complete further
need to create security rules
filter for this rule and determine
filter action for this click
the button is ready and a window appears
security policy properties and for
creating a new rule is necessary
uncheck the box to use
wizard and click add
if the custom connection is
work transport mode then in
There are no tabs for tunnel parameters
need to change bookmarks
connection type you can determine the type
connections for which will be
apply the created rule it can
be all network connections
local network connections or
remote network connections
Next, go to the verification methods tab.
authenticity where we can add a method
authentication
and change the order
authentication methods
further for the created rule it is necessary
create default filter created two
filter list is full and blue
full ip traffic to
create a new ip filter list
you must click add add set
filter name
create on removing the checkbox to use
wizard click add next
you must specify the ip address of the source
values
you can also select a protocol
and set destination and source ports
press the ok button
further for the created filter it is necessary
define the action come to the tab
default actions and filter created
three actions is a security query
which allow unsafe communication on
requires the client to apply methods
trust security permit allows
unsafe connection without any conditions
need security breaking the connection
with him spare clients if we want
add new pre action
need to uncheck use
master click add
further it is necessary to decide whether
allow traffic blocking
passing traffic for align
security when choosing an item
agree on security push the button
add
Further it is necessary to decide such
the protocol will be used is ph
or configure security manually when
setting security options manually
there is an opportunity to choose
protocol combination your sec
as well as various options and combinations
integrity check algorithms and
encryption is also possible
set the key change parameters and
session which is already set by default
press the ok button after that our
policy fully created work
need to complete
pressing the buttons apply and ok
Daria need to assign our policy
security for this choose the right
click in the policy list
security
select the item to assign after this
our security policy is assigned
the same actions are necessary
on all computers involved
connections tools in windows server
allows you to do this centrally on
all domain computers